Generate requirement specifications is the generation of all applicable user
stories for each sub process within a client's process hierarchy.
For all personas that are involved,
gen wizard can generate user stories for a process hierarchy.
The output will also contain acceptance criteria and story points.
All right, let's go through the steps of creating requirement specifications.
Firstly, log in to gen wizard and click on the get started button.
Make sure your workspace and projects set up are done.
Then click on the project you've created or create a new one.
Next on the left pane select the generate requirement specifications,
option under discover and envision in the total enterprise reinvention section
in the chatbot text area. Click on the send button against the prefilled prompt.
Please generate user stories for business processes.
This will generate user stories for the most recent process hierarchy.
After which they will be listed.
Each user story can be edited if required based on specific information
about the client in an RFP or inputs gathered during workshops,
conformity to invest Q principles can be checked by publishing,
clicking on the readiness link and navigating to our RR A application
select one user story and click on publish user stories.
Next click on notification bell icon.
Once the user stories are loaded to your project,
you can click on the link to view the data,
it will redirect you to our R A application
experience,
the ability to generate all applicable user stories for
a business process hierarchy in minutes using gen wizard.